Add deployment example for Kubernetes and Docker (#81)
grafana/synthetic-monitoring-agent: README.md

Once the service is running, you will be able to select your new probe exactly the same as any public probe. You will need to manually add the new probe to any previously created checks.

#### Deploy it using Docker
We publish docker image on [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/grafana/synthetic-monitoring-agent)

Steps:
- Get Probe Authentication Token for your private probe, [see steps](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/synthetic-monitoring/private-probes/)
- export Probe Authentication Token (for ease of use)
- export Synthetic Monitoring API server (for ease of use)
- Pull Image
- Run it with token and API server location

Here are these steps as commands:
```bash
# pull image
docker pull grafana/synthetic-monitoring-agent:latest
# export configs

> export API_TOKEN=YOUR_TOKEN_HERE

Author: makes sense, updated it :+1:

export API_SERVER="synthetic-monitoring-grpc.grafana.net:443"
# run
docker run grafana/synthetic-monitoring-agent --api-server-address=${API_SERVER} --api-token=${API_TOKEN} --verbose=true
```

> Now you should have agent reporting as private probe, and running checks(if you have assigned) in logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you should have the agent reporting as private probe, and running checks (if you have created some) in the logs.
```

#### Deploy it using Kubernetes

> See [examples/kubernetes](./examples/kubernetes) for Docs and example yaml files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [examples/kubernetes](./examples/kubernetes) for documentation and example yaml files
```
